# Codecool Week 10A - Rent Manager
Project-based learning task at Codecool, practicing Java inheritance, abstract classes and interfaces

## The Task
In this task you will have to upgrade your Movie and Person handler application, using abstract classes, interfaces and inheritance.
Please, keep in mind: not all the code snippets should be used (e.g. setters and getters) but you have to write them.
Your task is to extend your application to be able to calculate prices and investments of buyable products.
In our store there are 3 types of products: movies, games and books.
People can rent any type of products, but can buy only movies and games: books are only rentable.
Every product has an identifier which is generated by the application itself.
There is another important modification since the last version of the application.

- After you modified your Person class, please add a salary field to it. It's an integer number.
- Create a class called Product. It is able to tell us how much money was the investment for the current product by a getInvestment method, but there is a little problem: we cannot define how to calculate the investment, because it depends on the type of the product.
- Create an interface, called Buyable. A product which is buyable has a price, so add a method getPrice(), which returns with an integer number.
- The total investment of a movie can be calculated if you summarize the salary of each person of the cast.
- A Game is a product and is buyable and it can be pre-ordered or not (boolean).
- People who pre-orders a game can get it 20% less price.
- The total investment of a game can be calculated if you summarize the salary of each person of the staff.
- A Book is a product and has an author.
- The investment of a book is the salary of the author.
- Create an IdGenerator class. It has a static generate method which gets a Product as a parameter and returns with a generated String which will be the unique identifier for the product. If the product is a Movie, the id should start with MOV. If the product is a Game, the id should start with GAM. If the product is a Book, the id should start with BOO.
- Create a RentManager class which includes the main method. Create at least 2 instances of EVERY type of product and print out the investment of the current product. Write a method which gets a List of Buyable objects and returns with the total preferred income by summarizing the prices of the products in the parameter.
- Person field in Product class means the person who rented the current product.

## Personal Thoughts

This particular task is not a productive application. It's intended to teach inheritance, abstract classes and interfaces in a simple way.
For an advanved dev this code might look a bit noobish but keep in mind I'm still at the early stage of learning JAVA quirks.
I think I started to get the hang of access modifiers and interfaces which is a good thing indeed.
I also realized that creating a UML representation of the project is absolutely crucial when it comes to OOP design.